{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Budapest Restaurants and stuff\
\
Belv\'e1rosi Lugas Restaurant\
https://goo.gl/maps/jvLexnHuC5JjRNcE7\
Hungarian restaurant, close to the center of the city\
\
Gett\'f3 Guly\'e1s - Cool and modern place, traditional foods\
https://goo.gl/maps/F18ptZpAFAjNm8X5A\
\
Retr\'f3 L\'e1ngos Budapest - Langos is a traditional hungarian meal. It is fried though meal. There are lots of different kinds but my favorite is the simple cheese and sour cream!\
https://goo.gl/maps/s28krmLXdwtuynT97\
\
Moln\'e1r's k\'fcrt\uc0\u337 skal\'e1cs - Kurtoskalacs or chimney cake is hungarian dessert. You can find them at many places but this place is really good. You can choose the regular cinnamon brown sugar kind but there are also many other toppings.\
https://goo.gl/maps/RYyTiSs3eCWBps969\
\
Gelarto Rosa - famous and delicious ice-cream place.\
https://goo.gl/maps/7GaPzE8NpWVDbMKZ9\
\
Street Food or Food Trucks are also big in Budapest. You can find a few together here in this food truck park: Street Food Karavan Budapest\
https://goo.gl/maps/PuL72rEafmUhD6vQ8  \
\
I don't know when are you planning to come but if in the christmas season, you should visit Vorosmarty square. V\'f6r\'f6smarty t\'e9r\
https://goo.gl/maps/ASy5Tbk5bnNU7R2U9 They have cool shops but also great food. It is all outside!\
\
VakVarj\'fa Restaurant - Great Hungarian food in a cool environment.\
https://goo.gl/maps/mJ1f9eVAChe7tTu79\
\
Gozsdu Court - This is a whole walking street filled with a ton of food places. All of them are great. If you need a recommendation within Gozsdu, try Sp\'edler :)\
https://goo.gl/maps/E5jPQ2rudQq6vwxEA\
}